Friends, this is a simple practice session with Grip command.
Let me start there.
Nobody force requirement is write a pattern to match only directories.
Suppose if I run ls siphon LRT command,
it is giving the list of directories and files,
but I want to get only directories.
I mean, I need to filter such that it has to skip files information,
and it has to display directories.
So for that, an Iterator pattern for Grip command.
So if you want to play Grip command on this output, firstly,
how to write Ls siphoned LRT because from not only
orbiting your basic code put then on that,
you have to apply a filter by using grep command.
Here, I'm taking option has hyphen capitally because I want write a pattern.
Otherwise by default just to take
hyphen capitalists are default option for your grep command.
That is the best-practice.
Fine.
Now here I need to write a pattern such that it has to identify only directories.
First observe the output of your LSI fidelity.
If you observe in this entire output the lines of just starting with
a D or the directories on the lanes which are starting with iPhone or the files.
That's why I am writing cap
d. That means printed the lanes which are starting with the d,
then you are getting their address information.
That's it. That is a simple pattern to filter only directories.
Next thing, write a pattern to match only Files.
C here.
If it is a file that is starting with iPhone,
then instead of D, if it take hyphen,
then it will do the list of files.
That's it.
Now let me go with one more requirement.
Find these servers IPV4 info from if.
Finally, suppose, just assume
that we have is some file in that we have some IPv4 addresses.
And if we observe here,
this is one IPv4 address.
Second one, part fourth, fifth,
but 50 is not a valid IPV4 because at very first part you are having four digits.
See basically IPV4 means.
So there are four parts in each and every part you
may have either one visit our two digits or three digits,
but not four digits.
If you observe here three valid here, one valid.
Suppose here to valid,
but here we are having four digits.
That is not a valid IPV4.
Fine.
Now on these output or how to apply
a Grip command such that I have to write a pattern such that
I how to fetch match only IPV4 addresses from this entire output.
Then how you can write up pattern here.
So before going to write a pattern first,
observe your IPV4 addresses.
If you go with any IPv4 address,
it is having always four parts.
First part, second part, third, fourth.
And in each and every part,
you may how either one visit or two digits or three digits.
If you go with any part,
you may have either one or two or three digits, that's it.
Not more than three, not less than one.
Fine.
Then that is our logic to write a pattern.
First, let me write a pattern for only one part.
If I take only one part and if I if I assume that parties having only one deceit,
that dessert may be 0 or one,
or two, or three or four, up to nine.
That's why I am writing 0 to nine.
Now the meaning for any one number from this range.
But in each and every part,
you may how either one does it for one digit, this is correct.
Suppose if you have two digits,
then again you have to write 0 to nine.
If you have three digits, 0 to nine.
But you may have either one or two times or three times.
So instead of writing in this way,
I can write one comma three in curly braces,
you know, the meaningful curly brace.
So 123 curly braces.
If you write one comma three, this number,
or any desert, maybe one time or two times or three times. That's it.
An offer. They offer your first two part you will having dot.
But if I write it down to,
to match a dot in the regular in your grep command pattern,
then that is not a correct because.me any character.
But if you want to match dot with the dot,
you had to write Slashdot.
Now, this is the 40 were first two-part pattern,
but this type of parts are there four times,
then let me write same thing four times.
But for last apart you are not having
dot c is if this is last apart, you don't have any dot.
That's it. And suppose this is the valid part.
Valid a pattern to fit your IPV4 addresses.
But let me try, see the result.
You are getting for this.
It is matching this IP,
the IP, the IP,
this IB, and it is also matching this IB.
That is not a valid IP,
right? But you are getting that lane.
I don't want to get that line then.
Just the right starting and ending some space.
Now see there isn't. You are getting your IPV 400 assess only.
Right?
That's it.